Date: 13 May 2011
Author: John Van Horn
Categories: categories/reviews,categories/dfw
Read more: Continue Reading

# Del's Charcoal Burgers

First impression, off the top of my head: not bad.

Pulling up to Del's tiny <a title="Del's on Google Maps" href="http://maps.google.com/maps/ms?ie=UTF8&amp;hl=en&amp;msa=0&amp;ll=32.949308,-96.729555&amp;spn=0.005366,0.009012&amp;z=17&amp;iwloc=lyrftr:m,7086414873870413700,32.948272,-96.731358&amp;msid=106979723255047965064.00048f0eac35f230c331f" target="_blank">downtown Richardson location</a>, I was pleased with the hole-in-the-wall, family-owned, diner look and feel. Adorned with vintage metal signs, and alive with Texas decor, I got the feeling this place had been here a while (since 1957, according to <a href="http://delsburgers.com/">their website</a>). Inside, the hustle and bustle of lunch rush was apparent, as an empty table was nowhere to be found. I ordered a #10 cheeseburger with bacon and an order of fries, and was immediately impressed with the less than $7 total.

The burger itself was not that much to look at–the bun looked a bit squashed and handled, and the beef patty did not look particularly thick nor juicy. The veggies (ice berg lettuce, tomato, and diced onion) were on the bottom (I take the rabbit food off), followed by an ideally thick, and melted layer of shredded cheddar cheese. Two criss-crossed, thick cut bacon strips topped the patty, to which I applied a light squirt of ketchup and mustard.

Despite the burger's ordinary appearance, I was fairly impressed with the taste. The charcoal grilled taste of the patty came through here, and when combined with the sharp cheddar cheese and quality bacon, made up nicely for the mediocre presentation. The long, superbly crispy, thick cut fries were a tasty complement as well.

While Del's burger was not astonishing, it had enough in the taste department to become a reasonably frequent stop for The Burger Douche.
