Date: 13 May 2011
Author: Abel Rios
Categories: categories/general
Read more: Continue Reading
Summary: We love burgers, and we are on a quest to find the perfect one. With the amount of food that is out there these days, we decided to give our take on how we feel about the burgers we come across.

# Oh, Hello!

After months of reading other foodie blogs, watching [Food Network](http://www.foodnetwork.com/ "The Food Network"), and basically trying to eat good food, I've decided to start my own blog. However, I didn't think it would be like any others out there, this one would mainly be about the [hamburger](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamburger "Wikipedia: Hamburger"). Over the last few years, I've been searching for the "perfect" hamburger. You know, the one that causes you to drool at the thought of biting into it. I've only felt this way once, and I've been surprised at the amount of food out there that tries to pass as "good". So, I'm here, basically, to write about my experiences with eating burgers. With the help of a few friends, we plan to be pretty objective on what we consider a "Great Burger".

Our plan is to go off of a basic checklist:

## Value

Value, I think, is the most important part. There's no such thing as a "gourmet" burger. This is just so that some restaurant owner can serve you a mediocre tasting sandwich at a ridiculously high price. If it isn't worth eating and enjoying, it's not worth the money.

## Flavor

What good is a burger if you can't taste it? None. This point weighs heavily on how we critique and rate the burgers we eat.

## Fullness

The amount of food is important here, and this plays off of "value". Trust me when I say a ¼ lb. burger should not cost you more than $10 (I'm being fair aren't I?). If it does, someone is doing something horribly wrong.

## Freshness

Most eaters are not dumb, we enjoy good food, and what it takes to make good food. I feel the same with burgers. Frozen patties just won't cut it.

Sounds a little douchey, doesn't it? Well, that's the point! Welcome to [Burger Douche](http://www.burgerdouche.com "The Burger Douche")! I hope you will find our reviews useful.